Add documentation for [DeploymentItem] attribute (#8927)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/test/using-microsoft-visualstudio-testtools-unittesting-members-in-unit-tests.md

- <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.WorkItemAttribute>

### DeploymentItemAttribute

> The MSTest V2 framework introduced <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute> for copying files or folders specified as deployment items to the deployment directory (without adding a custom output path the copied files will be in TestResults folder inside the project folder). Deployment directory is where all the deployment items are present along with test project dll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSTest V2 framework introduced <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute> for copying files or folders specified as deployment items to the deployment directory (without adding a custom output path the copied files will be in TestResults folder inside the project folder). The deployment directory is where all the deployment items are present along with test project DLL.
```

It can be used either on test classes (classes marked with `TestClass` attribute) or on test methods (methods marked with `TestMethod` attribute).

Users can have multiple instances of the attribute to specify more than one item.

> And here you can see its [constructors](<xref:microsoft.visualstudio.testtools.unittesting.deploymentitemattribute#constructors>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And here you can see its [constructors](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute#constructors>).
```

Reviewer: Looks like the xref is case sensitive. Also, I don't recall seeing bookmark/anchor links in an xref, so you might have to remove the "#constructors" portion to get the link to work correctly.

- <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.WorkItemAttribute>

### DeploymentItemAttribute

> The <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute> for copying files or folders specified as deployment items to the deployment directory. Deployment directory is where all the deployment items are present along with TestSource dll.(starting from MSTest v2)

Reviewer 2: What is starting with MSTest v2? Is it the attribute or the copy or all?

> The <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute> for copying files or folders specified as deployment items to the deployment directory. Deployment directory is where all the deployment items are present along with TestSource dll.(starting from MSTest v2)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The <xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute> for copying files or folders specified as deployment items to the deployment directory. Deployment directory is where all the deployment items are present along with test project dll. (starting from MSTest v2)
```

It can be used either on test classes (classes marked with `TestClass` attribute) or on test methods (methods marked with `TestMethod` attribute).

Users can have multiple instances of the attribute to specify more than one item.

And here you can see its [constructors](<xref:Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestTools.UnitTesting.DeploymentItemAttribute>).

**Example**

```csharp

> // without adding a custom output path the copied files will be in TestResults folder inside the project folder

Reviewer 2: I would remove this comment here and add it in the explanation above (see previous comment).

[TestClass] 

> [DeploymentItem(@"C:\classLevelDepItem.xml")]   //absolute path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[DeploymentItem(@"C:\classLevelDepItem.xml")]   // Copy file using some absolute path
```

public class UnitTest1
{
    [TestMethod]

>     [DeploymentItem(@"..\..\methodLevelDepItem1.xml")]   //relative path to the dll location

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [DeploymentItem(@"..\..\methodLevelDepItem1.xml")]   // Copy file using a relative path from the dll output location
```

>     [DeploymentItem(@"C:\DataFiles\methodLevelDepItem2.xml", "DataFiles")]   //custom output path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [DeploymentItem(@"C:\DataFiles\methodLevelDepItem2.xml", "SampleDataFiles")]   // File will be added under a SampleDataFiles in the deployment directory
```
